# About
This project was put together to provide middle school aged students a 3-4 minute exposure to building a Robotic Process Automation Robot in a conference setting.

This project uses [UiPath](https://uipath.com) as it's core automation platform and automates the Chrome browser for scraping the [Name Generator Fun](https://namegeneratorfun.com) website. It also uses the api provided by [QR Code Generator](https://goqr.me) to create an event QR Code.

## Resources
[UiPath Academy](https://academy.uipath.com) - Learn how the UiPath Platform can be used for Automation
[Name Generator Fun](https://namegeneratorfun.com) - Website used for generating names
[QR Code Generator](https://goqr.me) - Website/API used for generating QR Codes

# Project
## Configuration
All values that are not provided by either customization or input data are stored in a JSON config file ([config.json](source/Data/config.json)).

Properties:
* EventName - Used to name the event created by the QR Code
* FormWidth - Default 600 px - Used to define the width of the UiPath Form for input. This will also affect the size of the chrome widows opened so that they display in the free space to the right of the form
* FormXPosition - Default 1 - This defines what X position of the screen the form should be rendered at. This value is then used to identify the X position for the Chrome windows.
* FormYPosition - Default 1 - This defines what Y position of the screen the form should be rendered at. This value is then used to identify the Y position for the Chrome windows.
* NameTypes - This object contains the URLs and valid genders for each of the different allowed name types. More can be added using the same schema that is there.
* RandomNameGeneratorURL - This is the URL for the Name Generator used when a name is not provided and the robot needs to get it's own.

## Customization
The 'build a bot' portion of the project is contained in the [Interactive Changes.xaml](source/Interactive%20Changes.xaml) file for ease of use. There are two values that a user can provide their own input for.

Those values are:
* nameType
    * Used by the robot to pull the configuration values for what type of name they'd like to generate
* useRandomName
    * Used by the robot to specify if it should generate a random name or provide the user with the ability to provide their own name

## Form
At runtime the robot will launch a form for the user to interact with. There are three sections:
1. Input Data
2. Buttons
3. Output Data

### Input Data
Fields are dynamically made editable depending on the 'Use Random Name' checkbox. By default it will be whatever the user provided in the code they edited.
Fields:
* Use Random Name
    * Default set by code in [Interactive Changes.xaml](source/Interactive%20Changes.xaml). This drives whether the robot will generate a random name or allow the user to enter their own First & Last name.
* Gender
    * Driven by configuration values for the nameType specified in [Interactive Changes.xaml](source/Interactive%20Changes.xaml). This allows the user to pick an appropriate gender for the type of name they'd wish to generate. Default is 'Male'
* First Name
    * Allows user to specify First Name if 'Use Random Name' is not selected
* Last Name
    * Allows user to specify Last Name if 'Use Random Name' is not selected

### Buttons
There are 3 buttons in the form for the user to use. They are:
* Retrieve Random Name
    * This button would be used to retrieve a random name if the user does not wish to provide their own name
* Retrieve Generated Name
    * This button would be used to retrieve the generated name of the specified type. If there is no input provided for First/Last Name and Gender it will generate a random name with the 'male' gender
* Cancel
    * This button is used to close the form and end the robot's execution

### Output Data
In the output data section there are two subsections of information displayed to the user. 

#### Generated Name
This section contains the name generated by the website and a description if one is available. 

#### QR Code
This section contains a QR Code which creates an event that contains the generated info along with resources if they wish to research further or try it on their own.